\input texinfo
@setfilename S21_SmartCalc_v2.0.info

@settitle S21 SmartCalc v2.0 Program Documentation

@titlepage
@title S21 SmartCalc v2.0
@subtitle Program Documentation
@author by elidacon
@end titlepage

@menu
* Introduction::     
* Usage::            
* Operations:: 
* Graph plotting:: 
* Credit calculation:: 
@end menu

@node Introduction
@section Introduction

This program is a calculator, developed in C++17 in the object-oriented programming paradigm and MVC pattern. Its GUI implementation is based on QT 6.4.3. It has basic arithmetic operations such as add/subtract and multiply/divide and the ability to calculate arithmetic expressions by following the order, as well as some mathematical functions (sine, cosine, logarithm, etc.).
Besides calculating expressions, it also supports the use of the x variable and the graphing of the corresponding function.
It also has a buit-in credit calculator.

@node Usage
@section Usage

First you need to install the program.
Open the folder with the source files of the program. Run make install. After the program done installing just run ./install/s21_SmartCalc_v2

@node Operations
@section Operations

@multitable @columnfractions 0.2 0.2 0.3 0.2
@item Brackets @tab (a + b) @tab Cosine @tab cos(x)
@item Addition @tab a + b @tab Sine @tab sin(x)
@item Subtraction @tab a - b @tab Tangent @tab tan(x)
@item Multiplication @tab a * b @tab Arc cosine @tab acos(x)
@item Division @tab a / b @tab Arc sine @tab asin(x)
@item Power @tab a ^ b @tab Arc tangent @tab atan(x)
@item Modulus @tab a mod b @tab Square root @tab sqrt(x)
@item Unary plus @tab +a @tab Natural logarithm @tab ln(x)
@item Unary minus @tab -a @tab Common logarithm @tab log(x)

@end multitable

@node Graph plotting
@section Graph plotting

To plot a graph just choose "Graph" at the bottom of the form and set X values "from" and "to", then press "=".

@node Credit calculation
@section Credit calculation

To calculate a credit you need to input total credit amount, term, interest rate, select type (annuity, differentiated).
Then press the button "Calculate" and the program will output monthly payment, overpayment on credit, total payment.

@bye
